README.md, before:

# Godot - Builder

[![Main 🔥](https://github.com/KL-B0/godot-builder/actions/workflows/main.yml/badge.svg?branch=main)](https://github.com/KL-B0/godot-builder/actions/workflows/main.yml)
[![codecov](https://codecov.io/gh/KL-B0/godot-builder/branch/main/graph/badge.svg?token=BIL79P5I7T)](https://codecov.io/gh/KL-B0/godot-builder)

Build your Godot 4 projects!

## Project status

| Platform | Status                                                                                                                                                                             |
| :------- | :--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------: |
| Windows  | [![Windows build](https://github.com/KL-B0/godot-builder/actions/workflows/test-windows.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/KL-B0/godot-builder/actions/workflows/test-windows.yml) |
| macOS    | 🗓️                                                                                                                                                                                 |
| Linux    | 🚧                                                                                                                                                                                 |
| Android  | 🗓️                                                                                                                                                                                 |
| iOS      | 🗓️                                                                                                                                                                                 |

🚧 -> Work in progress

🗓️ -> Planned

## Contributing

Pull requests are welcome. For major changes, please open an issue first
to discuss what you would like to change.

## License

[MIT](https://choosealicense.com/licenses/mit/)

Commit message:

Refactor project (#15)
* Update README

Add linux build status badge and add disclaimer

* Update integration test naming

* Revert "Update README"

This reverts commit 6aa2d3b1d193e4ccaa9644afcb8078b5723a33a8.

* Cleanup action code

Improve platform matching check

* Cleanup input module

Comment input module and fix broken imports

* Update README

Add linux build check badge

* Update action inputs

Improve input descriptions and add an export-mode parameter

* Update integration tests name

* Add export mode input handling

* Update README

* Complete testing for input module

Add missing test for exportPreset function

* Cleanup build-config, docker and index files

Add debug parameter to build-config and rename old symbols

* Fix logic error

Fix broken input reading for export-mode

* Fix typo in linux integration test

* Update project dependencies

* Improve docker run function

Change docker run function to return the Godot process exit code

* Update CHANGELOG

README.md, after:

# Godot - Builder

[![Main 🔥](https://github.com/KL-B0/godot-builder/actions/workflows/main.yml/badge.svg?branch=main)](https://github.com/KL-B0/godot-builder/actions/workflows/main.yml)
[![codecov](https://codecov.io/gh/KL-B0/godot-builder/branch/main/graph/badge.svg?token=BIL79P5I7T)](https://codecov.io/gh/KL-B0/godot-builder)

Build your Godot 4 projects!

## Project status

| Platform | Status                                                                                                                                                                             |
| :------- | :--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------: |
| Windows  | [![Windows](https://github.com/KL-B0/godot-builder/actions/workflows/test-windows.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/KL-B0/godot-builder/actions/workflows/test-windows.yml)     |
| macOS    | 🚧                                                                                                                                                                                 |
| Linux    | [![Linux](https://github.com/KL-B0/godot-builder/actions/workflows/test-linux.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/KL-B0/godot-builder/actions/workflows/test-linux.yml)           |
| Android  | 🚧                                                                                                                                                                                 |
| iOS      | 🚧                                                                                                                                                                                 |

The project is still in early stages. Soon all listed platforms will be supported.

## Contributing

Pull requests are welcome. For major changes, please open an issue first
to discuss what you would like to change.

## License

[MIT](https://choosealicense.com/licenses/mit/)
